Update instructions for Windows 10 (#2848)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/GettingStartedDocs/Contributors/WindowsSGX1FLCGettingStarted.md

./scripts/install-windows-prereqs.ps1 -InstallPath C:/oe_prereqs -LaunchConfiguration SGX1FLC -DCAPClientType Azure
```

> Once the installation is done, please ignore the following message(s) and continue the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the installation is done, please ignore the following message(s) and continue on to the next step.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks
